# ABCC ScriptThis is a working folder building on scripts for the [ABCD-BIDS dataset](https://collection3165.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).The current scripts span **two separate categories**. It is recommended to run the first set of steps in a separate folder (e.g., `events_to_tsv`) than the second set (e.g., `tsv_to_html`).**First, curating and summarizing e-prime behavioral data**. This includes converting e-prime files to .tsv for each subject and run, as well as creating numerical (.json) and visual (.png) subject-specific summaries.1. [eprimetotsv.py](./scripts/eprimetotsv.py): Converts edat/edat2 E-prime *EventsRelatedInformation.txt files pulled from NDA to *_events.tsv files.   - This script runs on each subject's e-prime file separately. Use [list_eprime_to_tsv.sh](./scripts/misc/list_eprime_to_tsv.sh) to process a list of files.   - Example usage:     ```bash     python ./scripts/eprimetotsv.py -i /path/inputeritxt -o /path/outputeventstsv -s NDA123XCC -e baselineYear1Arm1 -r 01 -t MID     ```2. [summary_taskonsets.py](./scripts/misc/summary_taskonsets.py): Sanity check to ensure the distribution of onsets for tasks is within an expected range.   - These checks are performed after step 1, and the *_events.tsv files are generated.   - Example usage:     ```bash     python ./scripts/summary_taskonsets.py -i /path/dir-tsv-export -o /path/summary -t MID     ```**Second**, the following steps involve behavioral data summarization and HTML report generation.3. [eventsbeh_describe.py](./scripts/eventsbeh_describe.py): Script that summarizes metrics from subject and run-specific task events.tsv files, generating summary .json files and .png images.   - Runs on individual subjects via:     ```bash     python ./scripts/eventsbeh_describe.py -i /path/input-events/ -o /path/output-jsonpngs -s NDA123XCC -e baselineYear1Arm1 -t MID     ```4. [run_htmlreport.py](./scripts/run_htmlreport.py): A script that calls multiple scripts to generate a `group_{task}.csv` and `group_{html}.html`.   - Run the script using:     ```bash     python -m ./scripts/run_htmlreport -t MID -i ./baselineYear1Arm1_MID/ -d ./scripts/templates/describe_report_MID.txt -o out_html/     ```   - The `-d` flag requires a descriptive file that can be updated, which exists within [scripts/templates](./scripts/templates/).**Caveats:**- The behavioral `*_events.tsv` files are calculated with the onset time of the first trial associated with the task (not scanner) trigger time.- The raw BOLD data may include calibration volumes, which may need to be trimmed using a script like [modify_volumesrows.sh](./scripts/misc/modify_volumesrows.sh).These scripts are a work in progress and will change (some more than others). Currently, the scripts do not reflect the core ABCC procedures.